now David assembled at Jerusalem all the
now David assembled at Jerusalem all the leaders of Israel the officers of the
leaders of Israel the officers of the
leaders of Israel the officers of the tribes and the captains of the divisions
tribes and the captains of the divisions
tribes and the captains of the divisions who served the King the captains over
who served the King the captains over
who served the King the captains over thousands and captain's over hundreds
thousands and captain's over hundreds
thousands and captain's over hundreds and the stewards over all the substance
and the stewards over all the substance
and the stewards over all the substance and possessions of the king and of his
and possessions of the king and of his
and possessions of the king and of his sons with the officials the valiant man
sons with the officials the valiant man
sons with the officials the valiant man and all the mighty men of valor when
and all the mighty men of valor when
and all the mighty men of valor when King David rose to his feet and said
King David rose to his feet and said
King David rose to his feet and said hear me my brethren and my people I had
hear me my brethren and my people I had
hear me my brethren and my people I had it in my heart to build a house of rest
it in my heart to build a house of rest
it in my heart to build a house of rest for the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord
for the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord
for the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord and for the footstool of our God and had
and for the footstool of our God and had
and for the footstool of our God and had made preparations to build it but God
made preparations to build it but God
made preparations to build it but God said to me you shall not build a house
said to me you shall not build a house
said to me you shall not build a house for my name because you have been a man
for my name because you have been a man
for my name because you have been a man of war and have shed blood however the
of war and have shed blood however the
of war and have shed blood however the Lord God of Israel chose me above all
Lord God of Israel chose me above all
Lord God of Israel chose me above all the house of my father to be king over
the house of my father to be king over
the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever for he has chosen Judah
Israel for ever for he has chosen Judah
Israel for ever for he has chosen Judah to be the ruler and of the house of
to be the ruler and of the house of
to be the ruler and of the house of Judah the house of my father and among
Judah the house of my father and among
Judah the house of my father and among the sons of my father he was pleased
the sons of my father he was pleased
the sons of my father he was pleased with me to make me king over all Israel
with me to make me king over all Israel
with me to make me king over all Israel and of all my sons for the Lord has
and of all my sons for the Lord has
and of all my sons for the Lord has given me many sons he has chosen my son
given me many sons he has chosen my son
given me many sons he has chosen my son Solomon to sit on the throne of the
Solomon to sit on the throne of the
Solomon to sit on the throne of the kingdom of the Lord over Israel now he
kingdom of the Lord over Israel now he
kingdom of the Lord over Israel now he said to me it is your son Solomon
said to me it is your son Solomon
said to me it is your son Solomon who shall build my house and my courts
who shall build my house and my courts
who shall build my house and my courts for I have chosen him to be my son and I
for I have chosen him to be my son and I
for I have chosen him to be my son and I will be his father
will be his father
will be his father moreover I will establish his kingdom
moreover I will establish his kingdom
moreover I will establish his kingdom forever if he is steadfast to observe my
forever if he is steadfast to observe my
forever if he is steadfast to observe my commandments and my judgments as it is
commandments and my judgments as it is
commandments and my judgments as it is this day now therefore in the sight of
this day now therefore in the sight of
this day now therefore in the sight of all Israel the Assembly of the Lord and
all Israel the Assembly of the Lord and
all Israel the Assembly of the Lord and in the hearing of our God be careful to
in the hearing of our God be careful to
in the hearing of our God be careful to seek out all the commandments of the
seek out all the commandments of the
seek out all the commandments of the Lord your God that you may possess this
Lord your God that you may possess this
Lord your God that you may possess this good land and leave it as an inheritance
good land and leave it as an inheritance
good land and leave it as an inheritance for your children after you forever as
for your children after you forever as
for your children after you forever as for you my son Solomon
for you my son Solomon
for you my son Solomon no the god of your father and serve him
no the god of your father and serve him
no the god of your father and serve him with a loyal heart and with a willing
with a loyal heart and with a willing
with a loyal heart and with a willing mind for the Lord searches all hearts
mind for the Lord searches all hearts
mind for the Lord searches all hearts and understands all the intent of the
and understands all the intent of the
and understands all the intent of the thoughts if you seek him he will be
thoughts if you seek him he will be
thoughts if you seek him he will be found by you but if you forsake him he
found by you but if you forsake him he
found by you but if you forsake him he will cast you off forever consider now
will cast you off forever consider now
will cast you off forever consider now for the Lord has chosen you to build a
for the Lord has chosen you to build a
for the Lord has chosen you to build a house for the sanctuary be strong and do
house for the sanctuary be strong and do
house for the sanctuary be strong and do it then David gave his son Solomon the
it then David gave his son Solomon the
it then David gave his son Solomon the plans for the vestibule its houses its
plans for the vestibule its houses its
plans for the vestibule its houses its Treasuries its upper chambers its inner
Treasuries its upper chambers its inner
Treasuries its upper chambers its inner chambers and the place of the mercy seat
chambers and the place of the mercy seat
chambers and the place of the mercy seat and the plans for all that he had by the
and the plans for all that he had by the
and the plans for all that he had by the Spirit of the courts of the house of the
Spirit of the courts of the house of the
Spirit of the courts of the house of the Lord of all the chambers all around of
Lord of all the chambers all around of
Lord of all the chambers all around of the Treasuries of the house of God and
the Treasuries of the house of God and
the Treasuries of the house of God and are the Treasuries for the dedicated
are the Treasuries for the dedicated
are the Treasuries for the dedicated things also for the division of the
things also for the division of the
things also for the division of the priests and the Levites for all the work
priests and the Levites for all the work
priests and the Levites for all the work of the service of the house of the Lord
of the service of the house of the Lord
of the service of the house of the Lord and for all the articles of service in
and for all the articles of service in
and for all the articles of service in the house of the Lord he gave gold by
the house of the Lord he gave gold by
the house of the Lord he gave gold by wait for things of gold for all articles
wait for things of gold for all articles
wait for things of gold for all articles used in every kind of service also
used in every kind of service also
used in every kind of service also silver for all articles of silver by
silver for all articles of silver by
silver for all articles of silver by weight for all articles used in every
weight for all articles used in every
weight for all articles used in every kind of service the wait for the
kind of service the wait for the
kind of service the wait for the lampstands of gold and their lamps of
lampstands of gold and their lamps of
lampstands of gold and their lamps of gold by weight for each lamp stand and
gold by weight for each lamp stand and
gold by weight for each lamp stand and its lamps for the lamp stands of silver
its lamps for the lamp stands of silver
its lamps for the lamp stands of silver by weight for the lamp stand and it's
by weight for the lamp stand and it's
by weight for the lamp stand and it's lamps according to the use of each lamp
lamps according to the use of each lamp
lamps according to the use of each lamp stand and by weight he gave gold for the
stand and by weight he gave gold for the
stand and by weight he gave gold for the tables of the showbread for each table
tables of the showbread for each table
tables of the showbread for each table and silver for the tables of silver also
and silver for the tables of silver also
and silver for the tables of silver also pure gold for the forks the basins the
pure gold for the forks the basins the
pure gold for the forks the basins the pitchers of pure gold and the golden
pitchers of pure gold and the golden
pitchers of pure gold and the golden bowls he gave gold by weight for every
bowls he gave gold by weight for every
bowls he gave gold by weight for every bowl
bowl
bowl and for the silver bowls silver by
and for the silver bowls silver by
and for the silver bowls silver by weight for every bowl and refined gold
weight for every bowl and refined gold
weight for every bowl and refined gold by weight for the altar of incense and
by weight for the altar of incense and
by weight for the altar of incense and for the construction of the chariot that
for the construction of the chariot that
for the construction of the chariot that is the gold cherubim that spread their
is the gold cherubim that spread their
is the gold cherubim that spread their wings and overshadowed the Ark of the
wings and overshadowed the Ark of the
wings and overshadowed the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord all this the Lord
Covenant of the Lord all this the Lord
Covenant of the Lord all this the Lord made me understand in writing by his
made me understand in writing by his
made me understand in writing by his hand upon me all the works of these
hand upon me all the works of these
hand upon me all the works of these plans be strong and of good courage and
plans be strong and of good courage and
plans be strong and of good courage and do it
do it
do it do not fear nor be dismayed for the Lord
do not fear nor be dismayed for the Lord
do not fear nor be dismayed for the Lord God my God will be with you he will not
God my God will be with you he will not
God my God will be with you he will not leave you nor forsake you until you have
leave you nor forsake you until you have
leave you nor forsake you until you have finished all the work for the service of
finished all the work for the service of
finished all the work for the service of the house of the Lord here are the
the house of the Lord here are the
the house of the Lord here are the divisions of the priests and the Levites
divisions of the priests and the Levites
divisions of the priests and the Levites for all the service of the house of God
for all the service of the house of God
for all the service of the house of God and every willing craftsman will be with
and every willing craftsman will be with
and every willing craftsman will be with you for all manner of workmanship for
you for all manner of workmanship for
you for all manner of workmanship for every kind of service also the leaders
every kind of service also the leaders
every kind of service also the leaders and all the people will be completely at
and all the people will be completely at
and all the people will be completely at your command